<p>story begining, rough draft from google docs: 
  The sounds of other people are piercing, a dull thrumming that fills her with a nervous energy, a pounding in her temples that won't cease no matter how much she nurses her drink. The thrum of people dulls as another figure steps up to her, sitting beside her at the bar. He has long pale hair, like ash, skin like snow she thinks...eyes...eyes like something sharp and dangerous...something deadly. 
The pre-show jitters always manage to grip her before a performance no matter how much she, well…performs; so it’s become her little ritual to grab a drink at the bar before a show to calm her nerves. She looks the stranger up and down. He’s beautiful, no question, cold and perfect, like snow. She tears her eyes away from him to focus on breathing slowly to calm her nerves. 
"Well hello doll, you seem nervous," His voice is warm, unlike his appearance, it feels soft, yet it hints at a heat underneath, like smoke breaking free from the chimney faint embers sparking amidst the shadows and glittering with promise. His blood red eyes seem to glimmer in the light, flickering along with the hearth behind her. 
She glances over at him, his voice is pleasant to listen to, like music, she muses. 
“Hah, yes, I can never seem to completely quell the nerves that show up before every show so this is my little ritual to help with it,” She takes another small sip of her drink, feeling the burn of the alcohol and the warmth it fills her with.
He smiles widely and she could have sworn that there were far too many teeth for a moment, but when she looks again there is the normal amount, albeit more pointed than she would normally expect. 
"Well, it seems like a good ritual, I've always preferred a good drink...tell you what, let me buy you my favorite,” His smile is warm, much like his voice as he grins at her through gleaming teeth, “It always helps to steady my nerves" His borderline musical voice slips over and under the din of people, gliding into her ears and much like smoke, it seems to choke out all other sounds other than his voice. An almost unnatural hush settles throughout the rest of the room, or so it feels like to her. 
She lets a small smirk appear on her face as she observes this strange man with his cold appearance and warm voice. Actually, his voice seems to drown out all the other background noise and helps alleviate her headache. She decides she likes this stranger. He intrigues her. 
“Alright, I accept, thank you, my name is Vesper, it’s nice to meet you,”

He extends a hand, his nails are just as pale as the rest of him, and pointed, like retracted claws. His hand clasps around hers, his skin is almost painfully hot for a moment, that brief flash fading from her mind, pushed quite forcefully aside by the creeping, compassionate warmth that seems to radiate from his hand around her own. 
"It is a delight to meet you, Vesper. If I may be so bold, what part in this upcoming play are you taking on? I am rather inquisitive you see," His voice glides into her mind, almost bypassing his lips, transplanting itself straight into understanding. 
Her smile widens. 
“Oh, I’m playing the part of the famed noblewoman, I can’t tell you any more than that though,” She leans in a little closer.
“It's a surprise~” 
She leans back again, 
“And besides, I don’t want to ruin the show.” She glances at his clothes, they’re fine, well made, tailored. Expensive looking. 
“I don’t believe I caught your name…?”
His already grinning mouth stretches wider, his eyes filling with some indescribable emotion. 
"I don't believe I gave you my name," His voice is filled with mirth, a hint of laughter lurking beneath the surface like a sea serpent stalking a fisherman's boat.
"But before that, your drink is here," He holds out a well manicured hand, and held in its grasp is a small drink, a single gulp at most, the liquid inside it bright, almost luminescent.
"Never mind the color, doll, it's part of the magic,"
She looks at the drink curiously, her inquisition for his name momentarily forgotten as she stares at the peculiar liquid. 
“Magic, you say…?” She picks up the small glass and looks at it, never one to back down from trying something new, and she knocks back the tiny drink in one gulp. She almost immediately begins coughing as the alcohol BURNS her throat. 
“Ugh, hells below, what in the gods is that?!” She coughs out, laughing at the same time. 
He laughs a little at her reaction. It is deep and rich, like fine wines and candle-lit rooms. She could swear for a moment she was there, stepping past candlelight, looking out at the silvery stars overhead, through thick curtains. then she is back, swaying slightly on her feet, but that doesn't matter! She feels good! amazing! like she could take on the world and demand seconds from the whatever line cook she chose to spare! 
"A few things of my own creation, how do you feel, doll? Still nervous?" His eyes are glinting like sparks off flint, are they colder? No, that must be the window her mind supplies, she doesn't notice her common sense in the corner, gagged and being pressed into a barrel. 
“Nervous? Pffft, no I feel greaaaat!!” She slurs, the words not coming out quite right, she frowns a little at that, what’s happening? But the thought is quickly shoved away in her jumbled mind. “Thank you so much for the drink, I feel wonderful!” Her words dissolve into giggles as the world tilts and sways in her vision, nothing looks right and her head feels so funny…everything just seems so funny right now! She can’t help but giggle.
He laughs along with her, offering her another drink. His smile is so inviting, so safe, so....warm "Come come darling, another will fortify you for the times ahead, I swear on my honor," The honeyed words slip into her mind, taking root inside her muddled thoughts.
"Now, who are you playing in this show doll? You simply must tell me~" His words are compelling, swinging through her mind like wisps of smoke, filling the space between thought and action like sand
“Another one? Okay!” She happily picks up the next drink with somewhat difficulty because of her not-quite-right vision, and knocks it back in one gulp again, her reaction the same as last time. The world swims in her vision, she can’t see properly, and her head feels so fuzzy and funny and thick and slow, her thoughts feel like molasses in her muddled head. 
“I feel so good right now, I mean my head feels funny, like there’s cotton balls inside it, but a good funny! I think…” 
The alcohol seems to have loosened her tongue as she finds herself rambling.
“Oh! But you wanted to hear about my character! Okay, so,” 
She proceeds to ramble on and explain her character to him as much as she can while drunk with her muddled, fuzzy mind. Her tipsy smile grows wider and wider as she shares who she is playing. She’s quite proud of her role. She knows she plays it well. 
His smile in turn becomes wider and wider, his eyes practically ablaze at this point, an almost manic energy seemingly haven taken him as he guides her out of the bar, whispering things to her that her mind can't parse through. 
She remembers being on stage, looking around at all of her fellow actors, she remembers the screaming, the yelling...and underneath it all like a thrumming in her bones; the laughter. The deep booming laughter that only she can feel, she remembers the gardens, the feeling of paper and blood underneath her nails, the sickly sweet scent of something, and then her mind goes dark, yet hidden in its depths a simple message…
“Oh my doll, my sweet vulnerable doll, my gullible doll...my beautiful doll, you are mine now and forever more, now rest darling doll, you will need the strength for what's ahead~" 
She groans as her head swims more than ever, she feels so sick, so ill, the message seemingly burned into her mind and her vision, all she can see in her drunken delirium. She doesn’t know where she is, she doesn’t know what time it is, she doesn’t know what’s happening, all she knows is that she’s on the ground, and that everything hurts and everything feels funny. Her head is pounding worse than ever as the world spins and it’s making her feel nauseous…she rolls over unceremoniously and retches what she assumes is both of the drinks, chest heaving furiously, before the world goes black, the message seemingly still burned into her vision, and the last thing she sees before it all goes dark.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Harsh light is all Vesper sees when her eyes finally flutter open, too bright too bright too bright, everything is too bright, her thoughts are racing which is at odds with how her head feels like it's full of cotton balls and molasses, moving too slow and too fast at the same time is incredibly disorienting. She opens her eyes fully, straining against the brightness, and that’s when it hits. Well, two things hit; both the nausea and the pain. Everything hurts. Everything. Her head is pounding, her ribs protest with every breath, and her skin feels like it’s on fire from all the stinging. And on top of that is the horrible dryness of her throat and the horrible roiling in her stomach as the world spins in her view. Bad. This is very bad. Almost against her will, it would seem, her body lurches forwards as she spills the contents of her stomach all onto the forest floor, her ribs screaming in anger as she does so-wait, forest? Why is she in a forest? How did she get here? What the hell is going on?

He sighs as he watches his doll stumble from her previously crumpled position on the forest floor, her almost sickly pale limbs shaking as she empties the meager meal from the previous night onto the shrubbery below her. Such a waste, she could have used the meal for what's ahead, his mind offering oh so many ways in which he could make her regret wasting the food he got her. His hands clench for a moment before a new idea, a new purpose slithers its way into his mind, a faint laugh reverberating along with it as it takes root and quickly, oh so quickly bears fruit. A grin stretches across his face as his form begins to warp, his arms growing longer and covered in chitinous plates, his mouth forming into mandibles as his new wings buzz behind him like the world's most angry hornets nest. “Oh vesper, oh veeesper. I'm here to collect on your…promise”. His voice flickers outwards towards her, his hands raking against a far away tree as his mandibles form into a demonic facsimile of a smile, afterall. Why shouldn’t he play with his new toy? That's what dolls are for. 
Vesper’s head  turns sharply at the noise and she winces at the stars the movement sends popping across her vision. She squints through bleary eyes at the trees where the voice came from, trying to discern what creature is there. 
“Who-who’s there? Come out right now, I’ll-I’ll kill you! Get the hell out of here, leave me alone!”
“Oh vesper…why would I do that? I still have so much I need to…collect. Afterall you angered that noble pretty badly, don't you think you deserve some sort of…punishment?” His voice fluctuating between a base growl and the stammering hiss of an angry insect. The faint sounds of footsteps and the buzzing of wings catches her attention, the cracking of chitin as it flexes and warps around muscle and the almost omnipresent feeling of fear that pervades her mind, swallowing pain and fatigue, setting her vision blinking with lights uncountable and the world to sway around her like she just downed a new bottle of her favorite spirits. “Come now vesper I have so much to show you, come to me and we will have. So. much. FUN!” his voice rises as he crashes through the trees to see her clearly, he is tall, far taller than a man. His shell is mottled and ridged. An unholy fusion of man and beast as he stands and stares at her with soulless compound eyes.
“Oh veeespeeer. Im here~” his voice singsongs across the clearing. A discordant warmth plastered across the buzzing that sets her teeth on edge and makes the already painful light lance into her eyes like divine judgment.
</p>
